the governor with his team
economic and senior executives of
Lufthansa inspected the start of the
hangar construction at the airport
rafael hernández de aguadilla stage in
that 132 jobs have been created the space
once finished it will have 215 thousand
square feet what will allow work
in the maintenance and repair of 5
airplanes at once
it's a really exciting experience
for us to know that we will work
here for at least the next 20 years
said the luther sea the site of the
company this work
from scenes of millions of dollars that
they are getting up here at the airport
rafael hernández de aguadilla represents
hundreds of jobs in its stage of
construction of five ships
of hangar where they can receive planes
how can I 737 or 320 euros to make
prepared
to offer maintenance during the
visit it was announced that the first
Lufthansa customers are the lines
aerial spirit and jetblue meanwhile
garcía padilla presumed to have achieved
along with your economic team that the
German repair company and
maintenance of lufthansa aircraft
I chose Puerto Rico to establish
the first center of that company in the
western hemisphere a team that
trust puerto rico
they are here to answer all
those who have commented on the
processes of doing business in port
Rico- they are here to answer
all those who question the
puerto rico capacity
and of the Puerto Ricans the expectation
is that Lufthansa creates 400 jobs
direct in puerto rico and miles
indirect in hiring more than
20 services that the
company once it starts operations in
summer of next year
I urge all entrepreneurs that
you have to present this kind of
industry that go to our page
Web
frisco dotcom and see the different
specific areas that are going to be
searching and register and participate in
this event that is very important
As mentioned, it will be on December 8
is going to be the conversion center and
there are more than 100 companies that have
enrolled to participate let's find
with the executives of the house people of
my industrial development team as
said the company has already hired more
of 50 employees the majority
Puerto Ricans who are already
receiving specialized training
in light installations dance in
budapest and ireland
They informed Luis Perez and he has Lopez